Document options managed automatically (#3296)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/methods/config_options.rst

config_options()
================

> The ``config_options()`` method is used to configure or constraint the available options in a package, **before** they are given a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``config_options()`` method is used to configure or constrain the available options in a package **before** assigning them a value.
```

A typical use case is to remove an option in a given platform.

> For example, the ``SSE2`` flag doesn't exist in architectures differnt than 32 bits, so it should be removed in this method like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the ``SSE2`` flag doesn't exist in architectures different than 32 bits, so it should be removed in this method like so:
```

.. code-block:: python

    def config_options(self):
        if self.settings.arch != "x86_64":
            del self.options.with_sse2

The ``config_options()`` method executes before the ``configure()`` method, and before the actual assignment of the ``options`` values,

> but after settings are already defined.

Reviewer: I think we could rephrase it to make it easier to read:

```
The ``config_options()`` method executes:
* Before calling the ``configure()`` method.
* Before assigning the ``options`` values.
* After ``settings`` are already defined.
```
WDYT?

Author: I did not change the wording around this, just split the line to make it easier to read in the editor. Anyway, I can add your suggestion

Author: done

Default behavior
++++++++++++++++

.. include:: ../../../common/experimental_warning.inc

When ``config_options()`` method is not defined, Conan manages some conventional options automatically calling
the :ref:`conan.tools.default_config_options()<conan_tools_default_config_options>` tool.

Options automatically managed:

- ``fPIC`` (True, False).

To opt-out from this behavior, the method can be empty-defined:

.. code-block:: python

    def config_options(self):
        pass

> To manage extra options appart from the ones automatically managed, the tool has to be called explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage extra options apart from the ones automatically handled, the tool has to be explicitly called:
```
